
# Simulations with the multisite Calcium ion

We want to keep the capped N and C termini. This can't be done with Charmm-gui. The idea here is to use the force field generated by Charmm-gui to build a new topology file. 

## Obtain the `toppar` folder from Charmm-gui
Use the recoverin structure with the two calcium atoms and then select the multisite calcium. Remember that calcium has to be named `CA` in the input file otherwise Charmm-gui won't read it properly. 

## Merge the content of `toppar` with the Chamm36-feb2021 version
The most important file you must retain from the `toppar` folder is clearly `forcefield.itp` because in that file you have a description of the atomtypes `DZ` and `DA`. 

Now, the trick for generating a new topology file using `pdb2gmx` is to add a `.ff` termination to the `toppar` folder. Gromacs will then automatically look for `forcefield.itp` inside that folder. 

Now we have to add different files from the `Chamm36-feb2021.ff` folder. For instance, we have to add `atomtypes.atp` with the definitions 
```
    DZ     28.08000 ; Dummy central atom for Ca2+
    DA      2.00000 ; Dummy peripheral atom for Ca2+
```
and also the `.tdb` files for the terminations and `.hdb` for the hydrogens. Most importantly, we have to add `merged.rtp` with the proper definition of the new `CAM` ligand. The added lines are reported below:
```
[ CAM ]
  [ atoms ]
	   D0 DZ   -3.690000 0
	   D1 DA   0.948334 1 
	   D2 DA   0.948334 2
       D3 DA   0.948334 3 
	   D4 DA   0.948334 4
       D5 DA   0.948334 5 
	   D6 DA   0.948334 6
  [ bonds ] 
        D1    D3
        D1    D4
        D1    D5
        D1    D6
        D2    D3
        D2    D5
        D3    D5
        D3    D6
        D4    D5
        D0    D1
        D0    D2
        D0    D3
        D0    D4
        D0    D5
        D0    D6
```
Then, we can finally proceed with the gromacs commands:
```
gmx pdb2gmx -f complex_box.gro -ter yes -ff toppar -ignh
```

```
gmx solvate -cp conf.gro -cs spc216.gro -o complex_solv.gro -p topol.top
```